When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

When I collaborate with others to finish a project. Or when I want helps and suggestions from other people for my project.
A remote repository makes it possible to invole many contributors in a project while keeping the workflow clean and organized. 

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

By syncing manually, I can pull changes when the job is really completed. I can avoid pulling to many little trival changes to my local computer. 

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Forks only exits in GitHub. Forks is cloning someone's repository in Github into your own GitHub account. Then you can work on it in your repository.

Clones is similar to copy. It can copy also the history of a file or directory. Clone can be done off-line between two computers, between two directories in a computer or from internet to your local machine. 

Branch means a group of commits developing independently from the main workflow. It's ideal for adding experiental features without impacting the normal evolution of code. 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

So when you work off-line on your project, you can alos commit the changes you just have made and  compare the difference between your local work to the last remote commit, merge them and push it to the remote once you are connected to internet. 

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

It will be very hard to collaborate without using Git or GitHub. I will perhaps using Dropbox. But it will be very difficult to store and retrieve the history of files since Dropbox delete the previous versions regularly. And it will be difficult to keep track of all the changes made by other contributors as Dropbox can't creat branches. It will also be harder to merge different files. But Dropbox is easier to use as it dosen't require command line knowledge.    